blender.md, before:

---
title: Blender
permalink: /blender/
---

# Introduction
Upon starting the creation process of SojournVR, I had little to no experience with Blender. The only modeling/CAD software I had experience with was Solidworks. The transition to Blender
was a little rough at first, but after practicing for months and becoming accustomed to the UI I was finally able to model, rig, animate, create textures and materials, and weight paint within Blender.

## SojournVR

The majority of the models within SojournVR were custom made. Myself and two other individuals created all of the custom meshes used within the game. These buildings were created with components  in Blender and assembled together in Unity.

![Building Wall](https://pierrce.github.io/images/houseexample.PNG)

## VRChat

After selling the IP of SojournVR, I continued to expand my knowledge of Blender by creating
custom models and animations for the popular VR game - [VRChat](https://www.vrchat.net/).
The first model I produced, and still my most popular to this day, was Mothman.

![Mothman](https://pierrce.github.io/images/mothman.jpg)

#### I like to believe a Bethesda designer got the idea for this is from me.

![Mothman?](https://i.redd.it/j7o1iirboa311.png)

Commit message:

Created empty files for future pages and added to the Blender page and index page.

blender.md, after:

---
title: Blender
permalink: /blender/
---

# Introduction
Upon starting the creation process of SojournVR, I had little to no experience with Blender. The only modeling/CAD software I had experience with was Solidworks. The transition to Blender
was a little rough at first, but after practicing for months and becoming accustomed to the UI I was finally able to model, rig, animate, create textures and materials, and weight paint within Blender.

## SojournVR

The majority of the models within SojournVR were custom made. Myself and two other individuals created all of the custom meshes used within the game. These buildings were created with components  in Blender and assembled together in Unity.

![Building Wall](https://pierrce.github.io/images/houseexample.PNG)

## VRChat

After selling the IP of SojournVR, I continued to expand my knowledge of Blender by creating
custom models and animations for the popular VR game - [VRChat](https://www.vrchat.net/).
The first model I produced, and still my most popular to this day, was Mothman.

![Mothman](https://pierrce.github.io/images/mothman.jpg)

#### I like to believe a Bethesda designer got the idea for this from me.

![Mothman?](https://i.redd.it/j7o1iirboa311.png)

Aside from creating the mesh for Mothman from scratch, I also added a variety of custom facial
animations for him using shape keys. On top of that, I also did all the custom UV unwrapping
and texturing using [Paint.net](https://www.getpaint.net/download.html) on Windows 10.
