index.md, before:

---
title: Home
---

# Welcome to my Personal Portfolio

Here is where I will be storing a portfolio of my life's work. I will be putting videos, artwork, screenshots, and examples of everything I've ever worked on within this site. This portfolio will
be a representation of who I am as a person. Like most people, I have a professional side, and a
fun side. This site will be a combination of both. If you would like to see a strictly professional
representation of myself, please visit my [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/pierrce)!

While my work is very important to me, I also find it important to share personal matters like hobbies. In the field of game development/design, being able to critically review games and game components is just as important as being able to create them. For this reason, I will also be sharing thoughts and concerns I have for specific games and the video game industry as a whole.

## Current Works

I am currently working on a game called Scape. Its a cyber punk rogue-like using pixel art. You'll have to fight your way through mobs of enemies to escape a reality trying to kill you.

[![Scape Rogue-Like](http://img.youtube.com/vi/4N8u5OHmooo/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N8u5OHmooo)

<details>
    <summary>
        ## Websites
    </summary><br>

    | Website    | About         
    | ------------- |:-------------
    | [Github](https://github.com/pierrce)    | A collection of code and programs I have written.
    | [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/pierrce)    | My professional profile for job inquiries.     
    | [Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/id/pierrce) | My Steam profile for gaming.     
    | [SojournVR](https://store.steampowered.com/app/667050/SojournVR/) | Store page for a VR game I worked on.
    | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pierrcevr) | My personal Twitter account.
    | [Twitch](https://twitch.tv/pierrce_tv) | My personal Twitch account.
    | [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/pierrceinsta/) | My personal Instagram account.
    | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGSwH9k2xJjrfi0QUokF8qQ?view_as=subscriber) | Where I post videos of what I'm working on.
    | [DeviantArt](https://www.deviantart.com/pierrce) | A place for me to share GIFs and pixel-art of my games.
    | [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/pierrcesc) | Where I share music and sound effects I've produced.
    | [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/pierrce/) | A site I use to learn languages and practice for interviews.
    | [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/pierrce) | My personal Patreon page.
</details>

## About

My name is Alec Pierce and I'm from Saint Paul, MN. I have a Computer Sciences Major from the University of Wisconsin -- Madison and have a passion for the video game industry. Ever since I was a kid, I've been interested in video games. Being able to get lost in a good story or grind for a specific achievement within a video game has always held the same merit to me as achieving goals and reading good books in the real world.

Since I was in middle school I always wanted to design games. I started off with creating little scripts and skins for Roblox and messing around with web development. Once I entered high school I started writing Python scripts and getting into 3D modeling through Solid Works. As I entered university, my knowledge of programming took off and in my free time I would constantly be writing mods for the games I enjoyed including: Minecraft, Starbound, Project Zomboid, and Terraria.

![alt text](https://community.playstarbound.com/attachments/dut-png.72626/ "Starbound Mod")

While I learned more and more about the industry through creating mods and learning programming through the university, I still played a wide variety of games ranging from shooters to rpgs, mindless clicking games to really hard puzzle games. I gained an immense appreciation for the time and dedication it took to create great stories and games, and during my last year of University I decided to start my own game development studio.

Having picked up a Vive, I became extremely addicted to the VR medium. I fed off this addiction and turned it into motivation for starting my own company. Our first project was an online VR RPG - SojournVR. For a year I spent 40-60hrs/day nearly every day learning how to better model, code, use Unity, create animations, design sounds, and create a world that I was proud of and could share with others. In October of 2017 my fantasy had become a reality and was launched into Early Access onto Steam.

## Experience

Having developed a VR RPG through the Unity platform, I've gained an immense amount of experience. The tools I've used and mastered will be discussed in in-depth on their own pages found below.

After my work on SojournVR, I continued practicing game development by creating custom models,
animations, shaders, textures, and particle effects for VRChat through Unity. This will also be
touched up on in the following pages.

| Software    | Overview         
| ------------- |:-------------
| [Blender](https://pierrce.github.io/blender)   | Modeling, Animation, Shape-keys, Visemes, Rigging.
| [Unity](https://pierrce.github.io/unity)   | Creating prefabs, animations, materials, sprite sheets, everything.
| [SpeedTree](https://pierrce.github.io/speedtree) | The ins and outs of Speed Tree.    
| [World Machine](https://pierrce.github.io/worldmachine) | Everything there is to know about World Machine.
| [Paint.net](https://pierrce.github.io/paintnet) | Everything paint.net and some plugins.
| [Docker](https://pierrce.github.io/docker) | The basics of Docker and classes/projects I've worked on.
| [Discord](https://pierrce.github.io/discord)| I am a Discord fanatic and use it for everything.
| [Slack](https://pierrce.github.io/slack)| I use Slack and write bots for it when need be.

## Achievements

This is where I will be posting humble-brags that I am proud of. May turn into its own page eventually.

### 1. Leetcode Problem 1 C++ Submission
![alt text](https://pierrce.github.io/images/hype.PNG "Leetcode Problem 1")

### 2. Leetcode Problem 2 C++ Submission
![alt text](https://pierrce.github.io/images/happy.png "Leetcode Problem 2")

Commit message:

Maybe this will fix the dropdown...

index.md, after:

---
title: Home
---

# Welcome to my Personal Portfolio

Here is where I will be storing a portfolio of my life's work. I will be putting videos, artwork, screenshots, and examples of everything I've ever worked on within this site. This portfolio will
be a representation of who I am as a person. Like most people, I have a professional side, and a
fun side. This site will be a combination of both. If you would like to see a strictly professional
representation of myself, please visit my [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/pierrce)!

While my work is very important to me, I also find it important to share personal matters like hobbies. In the field of game development/design, being able to critically review games and game components is just as important as being able to create them. For this reason, I will also be sharing thoughts and concerns I have for specific games and the video game industry as a whole.

## Current Works

I am currently working on a game called Scape. Its a cyber punk rogue-like using pixel art. You'll have to fight your way through mobs of enemies to escape a reality trying to kill you.

[![Scape Rogue-Like](http://img.youtube.com/vi/4N8u5OHmooo/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N8u5OHmooo)

## Websites

<details>
<summary>I've added this dropdown since the list is getting pretty long.</summary>
<br>

| Website    | About         
| ------------- |:-------------
| [Github](https://github.com/pierrce)    | A collection of code and programs I have written.
| [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/pierrce)    | My professional profile for job inquiries.     
| [Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/id/pierrce) | My Steam profile for gaming.     
| [SojournVR](https://store.steampowered.com/app/667050/SojournVR/) | Store page for a VR game I worked on.
| [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pierrcevr) | My personal Twitter account.
| [Twitch](https://twitch.tv/pierrce_tv) | My personal Twitch account.
| [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/pierrceinsta/) | My personal Instagram account.
| [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGSwH9k2xJjrfi0QUokF8qQ?view_as=subscriber) | Where I post videos of what I'm working on.
| [DeviantArt](https://www.deviantart.com/pierrce) | A place for me to share GIFs and pixel-art of my games.
| [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/pierrcesc) | Where I share music and sound effects I've produced.
| [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/pierrce/) | A site I use to learn languages and practice for interviews.
| [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/pierrce) | My personal Patreon page.

</details>

## About

My name is Alec Pierce and I'm from Saint Paul, MN. I have a Computer Sciences Major from the University of Wisconsin -- Madison and have a passion for the video game industry. Ever since I was a kid, I've been interested in video games. Being able to get lost in a good story or grind for a specific achievement within a video game has always held the same merit to me as achieving goals and reading good books in the real world.

Since I was in middle school I always wanted to design games. I started off with creating little scripts and skins for Roblox and messing around with web development. Once I entered high school I started writing Python scripts and getting into 3D modeling through Solid Works. As I entered university, my knowledge of programming took off and in my free time I would constantly be writing mods for the games I enjoyed including: Minecraft, Starbound, Project Zomboid, and Terraria.

![alt text](https://community.playstarbound.com/attachments/dut-png.72626/ "Starbound Mod")

While I learned more and more about the industry through creating mods and learning programming through the university, I still played a wide variety of games ranging from shooters to rpgs, mindless clicking games to really hard puzzle games. I gained an immense appreciation for the time and dedication it took to create great stories and games, and during my last year of University I decided to start my own game development studio.

Having picked up a Vive, I became extremely addicted to the VR medium. I fed off this addiction and turned it into motivation for starting my own company. Our first project was an online VR RPG - SojournVR. For a year I spent 40-60hrs/day nearly every day learning how to better model, code, use Unity, create animations, design sounds, and create a world that I was proud of and could share with others. In October of 2017 my fantasy had become a reality and was launched into Early Access onto Steam.

## Experience

Having developed a VR RPG through the Unity platform, I've gained an immense amount of experience. The tools I've used and mastered will be discussed in in-depth on their own pages found below.

After my work on SojournVR, I continued practicing game development by creating custom models,
animations, shaders, textures, and particle effects for VRChat through Unity. This will also be
touched up on in the following pages.

| Software    | Overview         
| ------------- |:-------------
| [Blender](https://pierrce.github.io/blender)   | Modeling, Animation, Shape-keys, Visemes, Rigging.
| [Unity](https://pierrce.github.io/unity)   | Creating prefabs, animations, materials, sprite sheets, everything.
| [SpeedTree](https://pierrce.github.io/speedtree) | The ins and outs of Speed Tree.    
| [World Machine](https://pierrce.github.io/worldmachine) | Everything there is to know about World Machine.
| [Paint.net](https://pierrce.github.io/paintnet) | Everything paint.net and some plugins.
| [Docker](https://pierrce.github.io/docker) | The basics of Docker and classes/projects I've worked on.
| [Discord](https://pierrce.github.io/discord)| I am a Discord fanatic and use it for everything.
| [Slack](https://pierrce.github.io/slack)| I use Slack and write bots for it when need be.

## Achievements

This is where I will be posting humble-brags that I am proud of. May turn into its own page eventually.

### 1. Leetcode Problem 1 C++ Submission
![alt text](https://pierrce.github.io/images/hype.PNG "Leetcode Problem 1")

### 2. Leetcode Problem 2 C++ Submission
![alt text](https://pierrce.github.io/images/happy.png "Leetcode Problem 2")
